http://corsomk312.github.io/

To create a new repository, you must first create a GitHub account - once you have completed that step, visit https://github.com/new . This is where you will be creating your new repository! You want to name your repository something simple and poignant for the work you will be doing. Make sure that you have the Public option chosen. Below the 'Public and Private' options, you will want to select 'Initialie this repository with a README' and also you want to add MIT License in the 'add a License' field. To do this, click the field and type MIT, it will be the only one left that pops up. 
Once you do that, hit Create repository and voila! You have create your own repository in GitHub. To clone this to your computer, go to your Git Bash program and make sure you are in the correct directory. Once there, go back to your newly created repo and look on the right side of the webpage. Near the bottom you will see 'HTTPS clone URL'. Copy the URL in the field below that. Next we want to open our Git Bash program on our computer. Ensure that you are in the right directory that you wish to save the program in. Once you are there, type in the following
git clone URL_GOES_HERE

Open source is exactly what it sounds like. The source code for the program is openly available to the general public. Instead of seeing just the output of the program, if it is open source we are able to see the code and make changes to it on our own. 

I like the idea of open source. It allows for different perspectives on your project, and if you include a license with your code it will allow you maintain the copyright for that code, so you won't lose all rights to claim it was your own. I like the idea of allowing others to build upon some original idea, especially within such a creative community. Licensing is important because I would like to maintain some level of rights to the work that I did create. I'm not the type to feel comfortable with someone else taking full credit for something I put time and effort into. I love the idea of my work helping them, and their work improving upon mine, but without licenses you would lose all rights to your own work.

I feel very comfortable pushing and pulling repos from github at this point. I hit a couple of errors going through, and I had a few times where I was told permission was denied (pretty sure this is MY computer, git bash), but I managed to figure out how to work around these bugs. I am also already a lot more comfortable with the command line environment, although I am sure that it is only going to get more complex. 

there was no one resource that helped me to figure this out, just a combination of google and perserverance. Stackoverflow.com definitely had a few forums that helped me out. 